c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\bin\Debug\DrugAddiction.exe
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\bin\Debug\DrugAddiction.pdb
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\bin\Debug\DrugAddiction.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\developer.g.i.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\developer.g.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\five.g.i.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\five.g.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\four.g.i.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\four.g.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\one.g.i.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\one.g.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\seven.g.i.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\seven.g.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\six.g.i.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\six.g.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\three.g.i.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\three.g.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\two.g.i.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\two.g.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\web.g.i.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\web.g.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\developer.xaml
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\five.xaml
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\four.xaml
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\one.xaml
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\seven.xaml
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\six.xaml
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\three.xaml
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\two.xaml
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\web.xaml
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\DrugAddiction.exe
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\DrugAddiction.pdb
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\aishwarya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DrugAddiction\DrugAddiction\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
